one of the common questions I often get
about velomobile
is whether they're able to climb Hills
and so today we're going to test out a
pretty extreme situation to see here I
have a blu bello quest this is the
fiberglass version it also comes in
carbon fiber this particular model
weighs about both 76 pounds empty with
my camera and emergency gear and
everything else I have today Charlie
running out about 80 pounds myself own
boat five foot eight away about 150
pounds so ideally the best ride for me
and in this situation would be a quest
excess which is a smaller version of the
quest made for rider sort of five nine
and shorter in a carbon fiber version
which weigh about sixty pounds
but today's video is all about ideal
situations it's about showing everybody
what these vehicles are capable of in
extreme situations
so for my brother ray the owner and
founder of Bluebell Oh
he was always happy to see me punish
myself in the name of science this one's
for you see if we can get to the top
settle in the cockpit here clip into the
pedals get my steering column ready
and just so I can accurately measure the
the climb today that's assuming I get
anywhere close to up to the top I'm just
going to turn on my onboard computer
you
okay I think about the tough
I won't lie and tell you that wasn't
punishing I had to make a few stops
we'll see for water because I couldn't
keep enough cadence going to take take
on a drink to keep on going up but Wow
here we are
you
[Music]
that's a couple of turns of the panels
and here we go side
PETA maintaining
I'm gonna pull off to the side before
this final Hill here
although the 90 millimeter drum brakes
are an option for this quest this one
set up standard while the standard
setups for the front chainrings the rear
and the 70 millimeter brakes so we're
just gonna let those cool down a little
bit because I was running them pretty
hard there all right so I'm just going
to take it easy on this final descent
and head for home it's a bit of a rough
road you can see that it needs a needs a
lot of work so I have to keep some speed
out of relatively steep and under no
sense doing anything stupid and being
unsafe here we go